We're still in the Getting Started section but we already learned a lot.
We learned what the basic terms mean what all these things in the javascript world mean what libraries
are and why we might want to use some frameworks are and why we might want to replace some libraries
with frameworks.
Now it's time to move on though.
We'll take a closer look at javascript frameworks and understand how we may add them to applications
because there's more than one way of doing so we will understand what makes up such frameworks and how
they work and which features they offer us after we learn dead.
We'll dive into the frameworks one by one.
The three most popular ones will start with future.
Yes we had a brief look at the Getting Started section here but there we will dive much deeper and learn
the basic syntax.
The concept behind it how it works and how we may create different kinds of applications with it thereafter
for diving into our frameworks I'll pause for a second and take a look at a web page and the build workflow
when using future.
Yes by the end of that module will have a local set up which uses web page to bundle our code compile
it or transform it a little bit and also optimize it.
We'll have a look at this workflow in this second year and understand what it does for us and why we're
using it.
Thereafter we'll jump back into the frameworks.
We'll have a look at react.
J.S. a very popular and awesome framework and we will understand how this framework works.
You'll see quite different to view chess but very interesting to jump into that so that you can get
an impression of whether that's interesting to you or not.
Well after react we'll have a look at Engler in its latest version angler for at this point.
Now however it will also be valid for later worsens.
We'll learn how angler works how we trade angle projects and how we work with angler which concept this
framework uses.
Does.
We had a look at the three most important frameworks.
We had a look at things like weap egg and then you should have a clear impression of the JavaScript
world which role each of the parts place and how we may use them and especially you have an impression
of how these frameworks work and which one you like the most.
I'm not done though.
I'll have a module where I compared these frameworks.
I'll have a couple of topics are criterions where I will match the FREYBERG against each other so that
you can also get an additional idea of which framework might be suited for which task.
Well and after.
You should really be prepared to pick your favorite framework and dive deeper into it.
If you want to.